that knew that I also received a police press release
in next to the beacon 7
9 6 do that
the council is the bacterium
We could become eighteen with the law and is therefore difficult to party
choose
in
there is singing
peer process that b
the councilor the benefits 7
dexia six months
the councilor on the water 7
a process that is inside
the councilor the flood defense
learning process it allows him
parasite water seat
geert 6 amsterdam
smart technology chat people chairman roll up axel problem want
if you don't have any team
simple to the debate
Chipsets that voted Ping
next to the holes 7
dexia channel ing
the council debate 7
yep 16 are over
in addition, 7
dexia system
in addition to kate 7 i have 16 unfortunately the debate 7 30 60 votes i placed water
I have 60 th do
I'm talking it's too late 7
30 do the 60th
I talk is the debate 7
30 60 there are fewer
i talk the debate 7 i have chefs doing time inter set worth 7 out of 30
September I am talking
you have 10
instead
the place
your 10
the no more than a million euros
it is me
became 10
the penguins yes the advice
i work 10
instead
you have 10
the bars
work on a number of routes per month for the ad kopejan
employ people with a September mortgage
I have
inter placed
you have 10
the place
I have
extra debt
in
route
street
free
route
for those people they are just like our position in the top recall
a